User accounts to separate by users, which should allow more capacity for more files.
A manual tracker for heart pieces. (I don't know how the heart pieces get tracked. I can keep track of how many you have, but not exactly which ones. Maybe I can do something. I believe I need more ability for user input. The manual tracker should be useful, even though it's not as useful as actually reading the save data Since you'll need to track them manually, but there are only 36 heart pieces. (Don't forget to account for starting hearts and boss heart containers)) Use drag and drop to keep track of heart pieces.

filter bar should to use text for filtering.
But I will still use a select input in addition to text.

Is there a way to send data in a POST request and have it immediately return something back?

Why does everything have to be formatted as JSON serializable objects and why can't I just return and receive simple data types like a list or array of ints. Why do I have to make it an object or list/array of objects? (Does it have to be exclusively JSON?)
Wait, now it just works? What happened?

I'm not sure how to work in user auth yet, but the submit event will send the data to a POST API that gets the file path to your specific save file, as well as interpreting which save file it is and uses this to store and extract the data from that file (Maybe it will save this somewhere like a mini JSON file) Then submit will immediately do a get request right after which takes the mini JSON data and uses it to extract the data from the save file and return it.
I think the submit should call a function in service.js that does the POST and then GET request for this, and then returns the result of the GET request.

I will definitely use local storage for user auth, and query string for the spoiler tag.
Or maybe I can use local storage for putting together the file path to send as a GET request?

Gradients can be done, but there is a much higher risk of contrast issues. More subtle gradients are better.

Go and Rust compile the code as a native executable and don't require you to install a specific runtime in order to execute.

To avoid excessive site reloading, open a vscodium instance in just the FrontEnd, then start liveserver in that instance. Then minimize the tab. To save on RAM, don't open any tabs or anything on that. Once minimized, you can open the top level in a different instance and be able to edit anything and still have liveserver hot reload and update the frontend, but it won't reload every time dotnet watch recompiles the web app because that changes the bin/ and obj/ folders which just ruins everything.
I also just open BackEnd in the terminal and use dotnet watch (again, to save on RAM).

Also if you are having problems with a thing not working, just ^C and up arrow to redo dotnet watch from scratch. Cuz it just doesn't work half the time. Especially when you add in new things, like a whole 'nother page, or the ability to receive a file as input from an API.
You can do ^R "Ctrl + R" to restart? I think it might work? It might not.

Wait, how do I receive files? Like how do I use an API as a file location on the computer? I think this one gets answered in the lab we did on file uploads that I finished today(2-Apr-2026).

Okay, apparently C# POST APIs in the web app thing can't actually receive like strings/ints/other raw data and stuff. The data that is given to a POST request API has to be an object. Which I guess makes sense since I'm literally sending it a JSON object. Still, this was really throwing off like everything I was working toward. I feel like it makes me have to add code that feels unnecessary just to accomodate. I'll see if I can bring up this issue in class later. Like I can't have the POST request mehtod on the backend have an input of type string. It has to be some kind of object like the one added as a record at the bottom of Program.cs. Why can't the POST request receive a string? (There are probably valid reasons, it's just that this was really messing with me and I had no clue why nothing was working.


I could likely change it so that the text input is the user name input for user auth and just add another input that just uploads the save file.
How do I redirect to a different page using javascript?

What are websockets? Hope we go over that in class soon.

I think I'll transition to having manual file uploads. (I don't think all the inputs need to be in the same form) How would I get it to automatically handle if the save file gets updated? Maybe for the end. (I'd need some kind of async to check like every few seconds or something, but then I need the site itself to automatically refresh. (Could I have it constantly checking in the background? (Is that what a service worker is? Is JavaScript allowed to access the host filesystem? I imagine not for basic security)) Also automatic reload upon save file changes likely will only work if I run the API locally, for reasons. So I would still need some text input/settings where I tell the program what my save files directory is. (This could be a security risk? Maybe unless I hardcode it. Maybe. Who knows?)

How do I get the box corners to be like they are in the file select menu with CSS styling on the front end?

Maybe I could get the extra credit for uploading, storing, and using files on a custom API. and/or mobile responsiveness.
